# cs-250-Sprint-Review-Retrospective
This is my personal reflection on the sprint from the point of view of every team member within a scrum team (Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developer). The SNHU travel Project was created through this team, where I simulated playing every role within the team using Scrum-Agile principles, arranging sprints, and adapting to evolving situations. JIRA was used in this environment to track each member's tasks, encourage accountability between members, and align individual progress with overall project completion.
The key to satisfying the user/stakeholders' needs is to keep a direct line of communication with them through the Product Owner, to ensure their vision is seen through to the end of the product's production cycle. Going into immense detail about how the user would like smaller details to be represented in the program can go a long way in delivering a clean and satisfactory product for the user. User stories help paint a sound and cohesive picture that helps describe the intended outcome in significant detail and helps clarify important information so that the product functions as intended.
I believe the first step in developing programs is to develop a full understanding of the desired outcome and how we will aim to accomplish that outcome. Hammering out a thin base framework of the proposed product is a good baseline to start from. By slowly working more and more features and capabilities into the framework via collaboration with the team and vigorous testing, the product will begin to take shape. Incorporating Agile methods such as sprint planning, daily scrums, and sprint reviews/retrospectives adds massive value to the project and individually helps everyone within the team grow from their work significantly and effectively.
Being a good team member entails traits such as great communication, collaborative efforts, adaptability, ability to learn and grow, and most importantly, the will to take accountability. Enabling yourself to be vulnerable yet flexible helps you mold into someone who can be thrown into any situation, no matter how dire, and come out the other side of it a better developer, coworker, and above all a better person. 
